DOC: Update contributing.rst to give suggestions on non-code contributions (#55107)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/development/contributing.rst

All contributions, bug reports, bug fixes, documentation improvements,
enhancements, and ideas are welcome.

.. _contributing.non_code:

Non-Code Contributions
======================

Apart from code contributions, we value and welcome other forms of contributions to help grow and foster a supportive community. Here are some ways you can contribute without writing a single line of code:

> - **Documentation Improvements**: Help us improve our documentation by fixing typos, adding examples, or clarifying sections. You can find guidelines for contributing to documentation `here <https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/development/contributing_documentation.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Documentation Improvements**: Help us improve our documentation by fixing typos, adding examples, or clarifying sections. See also our documentation on `contributing to documentation <https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/development/contributing_documentation.html>`_.

I don't think sphinx/rst likes using the name `here` for different locations; doing something like this should help you work around that limitation
```
